Consistency Fixes (#177)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

This document defines a generic, interoperable and scalable architecture to enable transparency across any supply chain with minimum adoption barriers.
It provides flexibility, enabling interoperability across different implementations of Transparency Services with various auditing and compliance requirements.

> Issuers can register their Signed Statements on any Transparency Service, with the guarantee that all Consumers[TODO: Fix Resolve Consumer] will be able to verify them.

Author: I'm flagging the term "Consumer" as we previously had Producers and Consumers. Tagging for an alternative term.

> Issuers can register their Signed Statements on any Transparency Service, with the guarantee that all Consumers[TODO: Fix Resolve Consumer] will be able to verify them.

Reviewer: I would recommend this or I can drive alignment after these fixes are merged and continue the work in #120.

```suggestion
Issuers can register their Signed Statements on any Transparency Service, with the guarantee that all Verifiers and Relying Parties will be able to verify them.
```

Author: Thanks, @aj-stein-nist 
I reduced this PR to be more about consistency, and suggest we do a separate PR to resolve using Consumer or Relying Parties. I do think we can do something better, but would like to track that one separately.

- CAs (Issuers) sign X.509 TBSCertificates (Artifacts) to produce X.509 certificates (Signed Statements)
- CAs submit the certificates to one or more CT logs (Transparency Services)
- CT logs produce Signed Certificate Timestamps (Transparent Statements)
- SCTs are checked by browsers (Verifiers)
- The Append-only Log can be checked by Auditors

> Note that just like CT logs are independent and their contents need not be consistent, Transparency Services are similarly independent of each other.

Author: This sentence is poorly worded. Open to a suggestion, if needed

> - Signed Certificate Timestamps are checked by browsers (Verifiers)

Reviewer: Not all verifiers will be "[web] browsers" per se.

```suggestion
- Signed Certificate Timestamps are checked by Verifiers.
```

Author: Great clarification
